# ElecTech-

We have created a digital platform that caters to the car manufacturing industry by acting as an intermediary between all the entities involved in the EV production process. These entities could include electric car component manufacturers, sellers, lithium battery miners, electric charging station companies, investors, etc.  For example, a lithium mining company, lithium battery producers, and an EV car manufacturing company can all be connected on our app, which gives them opportunities to collaborate. 

One of the main issues in countries like India, where electric vehicles and sustainable development projects are not implemented as often, is due to the lack of infrastructure and availability of resources. By connecting different stakeholders on our platform, we hope to facilitate collaboration and partnerships, with the end goal of increasing the amount of EVs seen on the roads and accelerating the growth of the EV manufacturing industry in the country. As a producer of these components, you can use our app/website by logging in as a producer and creating your profile, and our app will alert the relevant parties in need of whatever you are offering. As a consumer of these components, our platform gives you the ability to filter through various other companies and parties until you get your match. 

In the future, we plan to grow our company globally so that we can provide all countries with the opportunities to convert to the sustainable lifestyle. Further, we plan to extend our platform to the public, where we can help them locate the nearest charging stations, predict the cost of charging for certain vehicles, and more. Moreover, we hope to expand to providing connections for not only EVs, but any sustainable endeavours, like solar panel production, or hydro-electric cell manufacturing. 
